Address Behcet's comments (#65)
suit-wg/suit-report: draft-ietf-suit-report.md

This approach simplifies the design of the bootloader since it is able to use an append-only log. It allows a Verifier to validate this report against a signed CoRIM that is provided by the firmware author, which simplifies the delivery chain of verification information to the Verifier.

The log-based structure of the SUIT\_Report is not conducive to processing by a

> typical Relying Party and requires additional information (the SUIT\_Manifest) to

Reviewer: Do you mean Veriifer here? If so, there's a proposed change below:

```suggestion
typical Verifier and requires additional information (the SUIT\_Manifest) to
```

> typical Relying Party and requires additional information (the SUIT\_Manifest) to
> validate. Due to this structure, the typical workflow would involve a trusted

Reviewer: Do you mean Veriifer here? If so, there's a proposed change below:

```suggestion
typical Verifier and requires additional information (the SUIT\_Manifest) to
appraise such Evidence. Due to this structure, the typical workflow would involve a trusted
```
